Add subheading for "Property command topic" (#145)
homieiot/convention: convention.md

You are not limited to the recommended values, although they are the only well known ones that will have to be recognized by any Homie consumer.

#### Property command topic

* `homie` / `device ID` / `node ID` / `property ID` / **`set`**: The device must subscribe to this topic if the property is **settable** (in case of actuators for example).

The assigned and processed payload must be reflected by the Homie device in the property topic `homie` / `device ID` / `node ID` / `property ID` as soon as possible.

A Homie controller publishes to the command topic with non-retained messages only.

> Homie is state-based. You don't tell your smartlight to `turn on`, but you tell it to put its `power` state to `on`.

Reviewer: I'd vote to actually remove those two sentences. By now they do not add any real value.

You are not limited to the recommended values, although they are the only well known ones that will have to be recognized by any Homie consumer.

#### Property command topic

* `homie` / `device ID` / `node ID` / `property ID` / **`set`**: The device must subscribe to this topic if the property is **settable** (in case of actuators for example).

> The assigned and processed payload must be reflected by the Homie device in the property topic `homie` / `device ID` / `node ID` / `property ID` as soon as possible.

Reviewer: The below discussed sentence could be merged here actually

Author: I'm not sure if I want to put this quite important (although obvious) fact below the example.

Reviewer: Imho we should first discuss technical details, then give the example at the end.

```suggestion
The assigned and processed payload must be reflected by the Homie device in the property topic `homie` / `device ID` / `node ID` / `property ID` as soon as possible.
This property state update not only informs other devices about the change but closes the control loop for the commanding controller, important for deterministic interaction with the client device.
```

> A Homie controller publishes to the command topic with non-retained messages only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Homie controller publishes to the `set` command topic with non-retained messages only.
```

> For example, a `kitchen-light` device exposing a `light` node would subscribe to `homie/kitchen-light/light/power/set` and it would receive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To give an example: A `kitchen-light` device exposing the `light` node with a settable `power` property subscribes to the topic `homie/kitchen-light/light/power/set` for commands:
```

You are not limited to the recommended values, although they are the only well known ones that will have to be recognized by any Homie consumer.

#### Property command topic

* `homie` / `device ID` / `node ID` / `property ID` / **`set`**: The device must subscribe to this topic if the property is **settable** (in case of actuators for example).

The assigned and processed payload must be reflected by the Homie device in the property topic `homie` / `device ID` / `node ID` / `property ID` as soon as possible.
This property state update not only informs other devices about the change but closes the control loop for the commanding controller, important for deterministic interaction with the client device.

> A Homie controller publishes to the `set` command topic with non-retained messages only.

Reviewer: One last thing: I believe this sentence has to move one up?

Author: Also: The final document contains some repetitions now (eg pessimistic feedback mentioned before and after the example).

To give an example: A `kitchen-light` device exposing the `light` node with a settable `power` property subscribes to the topic `homie/kitchen-light/light/power/set` for commands:

```java
homie/kitchen-light/light/power/set ← "true"
```

> Following a pessimistic feedback pattern, the device updates its `power` state as soon as turning on the light worked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In response the device will turn on the light and upon success update its `power` property state accordingly:
```

```

The device would then turn on the light, and update its `power` state.

> This provides pessimistic feedback, which is important for home automation.

Reviewer: I would keep "pessimistic feedback" in the document.

Author: I have changed the wording, maybe you can come up with a different approach. I'd rather not have the original sentence, the statement is made without any proof.

Reviewer: How about:

> After the device successfully received and processed the command, pessimistic feedback is given by publishing the new state of the property:

Author: As soon as feedback is given (publishing happened), it is neither pessimistic nor optimistic feedback, it is just feedback. The process/procedure itself (publish to prop/set -> processing -> publish to prop) is pessimistic feedback and that isn't conveyed in this sentence.

Reviewer: Completely correct. Okay let's leave it out. I'll edit my other comment.
